All right.
So to kick this lesson off, I'd like to discuss two separate details that are worth knowing about how
the sub nav works on the official Google Careers Web page.
And we're going to try to emulate these features throughout our app.
The first thing to note is that the sub nav appears on both the primary main page and the jobs page.
Now in our app, we don't really have the concept of pages yet or navigating between pages.
But rest assured, we will get there eventually.
But the important thing to note is that only on the jobs page right here do we see the actual number
of jobs matched as well as that search icon.
If I go back to the main page, which I can get to just by clicking this icon, this is our home page
where the user searches for a job.
You'll notice that the sub nav has nothing here, so it's completely empty.
We still have a sub nav on this page, and that's why we've been able to get away with simply having
a sub nav and not worrying at all about the page that we're on a quote unquote.
However, it's important to note that on the jobs page only is where we see this sub nav appear.
Okay, that's the first important detail to note.
The second important detail to note, and this is a little bit harder to find, is that this sub nav
is only present when the user is logged in.
So I'm currently logged into my Google account, which is why I'm seeing the sub nav.
But let me show you what happens when I log out.
So I'm going to go here and click sign out and you'll notice when I get to this page we don't actually
see a sub nav, right?
So the sub nav is conditional or dependent on being logged in.
That should be a hint for how we can actually implement this kind of logic on our side of things.
So in this lesson, let's focus on this design aspect and we'll come back to the other aspect, the
other one being the presentation of the number of job results only on the jobs page.
We'll come back to that in a second.
In this lesson, I want to focus on this conditional rendering of the sub nav only if we are logged
in as a user.
So right now here's our app.
You can see similarly it's always appearing and we only want the sub nav to appear when we are signed
in.
So if I go back to my text editor, here we are in our sub nav.
Where I really want to go is our main nav component.
And here you'll notice we are always rendering a sub nav no matter what, and we need to conditionally
render it.
So whenever you hear that word conditional meaning there's two pathways of logic or two branches of
ways we can go.
The immediate thing that should come to mind is a V if directive.
Remember the V if directive gets a boolean value and only if it's true will view render that element.
It can be an HTML element or it can be a component in this case.
And if I scroll down in my main nav component, you'll notice that in my data object we actually already
have and is logged in a data property.
We're using it to conditionally render either the action button to log in or the profile image when
the user's logged in.
So now that we have this actual infrastructure in place, it's going to be super simple to add it to
our sub nav.
So right here I'm again going to use the V if directive.
So I'm telling you only render the sub nav.
If this evaluates the true and the property that I want to associate this with is going to be this one
right here is logged in.
So I'm going to say is logged in.
So let's talk about how this is going to work and then we'll test it out in our browser when the page
loads the is logged in data property is set to false, which means this will add value to false, which
means our sub nav will not render.
Afterwards, the user will click on the sign in button that is going to trigger the log in user method
to run that method as defined right here.
This is going to flip the value of the is logged in data property to true forcing view to re render
which will force this vehicle to re-evaluate to true which will then render this sub nav once the user
is logged in.
So this is going to emulate the exact same behavior we see on the Google career site.
So let's go to my browser.
Here we are.
I'm just going to refresh this page just to be safe.
And when I click Sign in Beautiful, now we are signed in.
It's going to take a second for the image to load, but you'll see the seven have only appears on the
user is signed in and if we were to code this in reverse, in other words, if we were to create a way
for the user to log out, all we would have to do is flip that is logged in property back to false and
that would make the sub nef disappear because view would once again be render.
So we would emulate the exact same behavior as we have on the official careers website.
Right now, we don't have a logged in, logged out capacity because we're not really logging in, we're
not actually doing anything with the backend, but hopefully you understand the idea.
All right.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.